# 2018-2019: Summary of Quarter 1

## Summary

SUMS held a total of 11 events during fall quarter including 4 workshops and 2 lightning talks ([Planning][event-planning-doc]).

The first event held was the General Body Meeting (GBM) which took place on October 9th and had an attendance of 114 undergraduate students.
This was also the first GBM in recent years that had a room large enough to hold those in attendance ([PEEF][gbm-peef]).
It advertised future events and the opportunity to apply for officer positions.

This was quickly followed by the Proofs Workshop which covered topics such as the language of mathematics, contradiction, constructiveness, and induction ([GBM Presentation][gbm-pres]).

The first Board Game Night of the year was held on October 26th and acted as an "icebreaker and destresser [sic]" for both members and non-members of SUMS.
Students were encouraged to bring their own games and the event had a total attendance of 26 students.

*___* gave a lightning talk about *___* during week 5.
`TODO: was unable to find info about this talk, not mentioned in "Past Talks"`

A Halloween fundraiser in which pumpkin pies and apple pies were sold was scheduled for week 5 ([10/24 Minutes][10/24-minutes]).

Krystopher Weeton gave a lightning talk about Teaching Elementary Mathematics on October 30th ([Past Talks](http://sums.ucsd.edu/talks.html)).

During week 6, both an Excel Workshop and a Team Building Event were held.
The Team Building Event included members eating dinner together at a restaurant ([TBE Signups][tbe-signups]). `TODO?`

Finally, three events took place during week 9 including a Study Abroad Workshop, an Integral Workshop, and the Burnout Social.
The social provided students with relief from the midterms they had already taken while also helping them find peers to form study groups with to prepare for finals ([Funding Request][burnout-funding-req]).

## Attendance

The data for this table was obtained from each event's respective funding request and or PEEF if they had one.

|                      | Predicted | Actual |
| -------------------- | --------: | -----: |
| GBM                  |       100 |    114 |
| Proofs WS            |         ? |      ? |
| Board Game Night     |        36 |     26 |
| Week 5 Lighting Talk |         ? |      ? |
| Halloween Fundraiser |       n/a |    n/a |
| Excel WS             |         ? |      ? |
| Team Building Event  |       n/a |     11 |
| Study Abroad WS      |         ? |      ? |
| Integral WS          |         ? |      ? |
| Burnout Social       |        36 |     18 |

[event-planning-doc]: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XQEpMbDAWvFb1Ph6cfgsXY74I2urBTDE9KvmCshz7Jk/edit?usp=sharing
[gbm-peef]: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rQjwQ4dVwN0lmKs2WuAztWHNiD6G-xdPs5R9_cMCtRg/edit?usp=sharing
[gbm-pres]: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1_Ii3-pCBNi4Z7dScKAmAPENmgoKGFV7NJmMAaYHtqy8/edit?usp=sharing
[10/24-minutes]: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pPEybHpW5oNErNYe0czVZhhbXcxUyyULgcbzzO9jhsw/edit?usp=sharing
[tbe-signups]: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1tlUbC07oNnmh4RkPfQxettmnwkg6OvYooDLbRns3REM/edit?usp=sharing
[burnout-funding-req]: https://docs.google.com/document/d/102DqnooAv7pWm2wb3qNrqLOOyecpQ47nuq_wm47NaPs/edit?usp=sharing

# Notes

- "Math-related Hackathon" was mentioned in 11/06 Agenda. 
  That sounded really neat.
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTIyMjU0MzQ1Ml19
-->